hello it's Ruby and today I am going to
be showing you what I received for
Christmas this year now the reason I am
doing this video is because it is very
highly requested I want to preface this
video by recognizing that Christmas
isn't to deal with presents and I know
that I've said this every year but it's
really important for us to remember
because it is true that Christmas has
become a lot more consumerist and that
presents can easily become the focus of
Christmas Day and the Christmas season
when actually that's not where the
beauty of Christmas lies the beauty of
Christmas does lie partially in presents
but not in the fact that it is money
being spent it's not about those gains
it's about kindness and it's about
meaning and it's about family and it's
so much more sentimental than just
presents it's really easy for us to
forget this especially on YouTube with
the culture of Christmas what I got for
Christmas videos I think I do you think
it's funny that when we make when people
make these videos when I make these
videos we don't talk about the things
that we received on Christmas Dean wants
material and want things that were
bought not all gifts not all things that
we receive on Christmas or purchase so
why actually first we want to tell you
the things that I received the things
that I'm really really grateful for this
Christmas which art material but which I
think are the most beautiful aspects of
Christmas like many people Christmas is
my favorite time of the year I love the
holiday season I love that everyone's
just so much happier and kinder and that
people say hello in the streets and I
just one of my favorite favorite things
about Christmas is being able to just
wish people Merry Christmas
like walking around London for example
and just saying to people as you pass a
marriage I hope you have a lovely
Christmas if you did that that adding
other kind of time of year if you said I
hope you have a lovely day at any other
time of year people look at you like
you're a bit strange if you like why are
you saying that but at Christmas time
you can say it and I think that openness
to kindness and that openness to
goodwill is so special so things that I
received this year that I am
particularly particularly grateful for
are that I was able to spend
Christmas Day with my family this year
like my parents my auntie uncle and
cousins and my grandparents I love my
family with all of my heart and so being
able to spend Christmas Day with them
it's so special because not every single
year we get to spend at the 10 of us it
was really really grateful to have been
able to spend Christmas with my family
and I was really grateful from and I'm
really grateful for my dick to my dad
for making Christmas dinner and making
it so special and especially for really
going out of his way to make sure that
me and my sister had stuff to eat
because I'm vegan so Christmas dinner
isn't strictly vegan you know you cook
the potatoes and butter you have
Yorkshire puddings as a turkey etc he
made my sister my vegetable pies like
I'm so so grateful for that because it
meant that I was able to have a
absolutely delicious Christmas dinner
the other thing I'm really grateful for
is that I have Christmas traditions on
the lead up which I just love my
favorite day of the year is Christmas
Eve if you didn't know it's actually
Christmas Eve Christmas Eve is my
favorite day of the year every single
Christmas Eve we meet up with some old
family friends and we go and feed some
reindeer then we go for a really lovely
dinner where we ate way too much like I
had to stop I'm gonna tell you what I
ate in Christmas Eve dinner it was so
crazy especially since we were eating
the next day to start
I had b-tree falafel with hummus the
main course I had a pizza with vegan
cheese like a pizza and then for dessert
they have big insurer's with salted
caramel ice cream which is vegan again
so I have that and then I always have
peppermint tea there's just so much food
and I just love being able to spend time
with these family friends for kids we
have known morley since I was born she
was she's like my first friend one of my
closest friends and so Christmas Eve is
so special I mean obviously I'm grateful
that I've received the gifts that I have
it's impossible not to feel grateful
when someone gives you something but
more importantly and
to a much greater extent I'm grateful
that my family knows me so well but they
were able to get me gifts that I really
really do love I'm grateful for the
gifts as well themselves but I'm most
grateful for the thought behind the gift
yes so with that all said I'm sorry
that's a very long introduction but I do
think it's important to preface this
kind of video with that
[Music]
what is in my Christmas stocking best
thing is something I asked for actually
which is the silver bells shower jelly
from lush bath bomb from lush again it's
this polar bear polar bears are my
favorite animals I got this candle in
sage a persimmon I found out about
persimmons this year and I think they
might be my new favorite fruits next I
got this scarf with pumpkins all over it
my mom found this in a charity shop and
was like okay that is just so really
nice I got some hair clips when I was
younger I didn't want to like cotton
under trends so if something was trendy
I didn't think I really had the right to
wear it because I just didn't think I
was cool enough to and so I'd wait until
it went out of fashion before getting
myself something I've tried to get out
of that mindset so if I like something
which is in fashion then I'm not going
to shy away from it and I love the
recent trends of big hair clips so I got
these to it just say oh I wasn't
expecting these these ones unfortunately
came in lots of plastic which is very
annoying but they're just spoiled it
feels like gold ones they're quite
similar to my aunt like lips which I
wear all the time
next I got this soap on a string which
is so cozy and all tonal wow I was not
expecting this and slightest so I'm
really into baking these are teaspoon
measurements because it keeps the
measurement and I'm really excited to
stop thinking with these I also got some
hot measurements then I got these Edgar
Allan Poe stickers these are based on
the Raven they're from an Etsy shop
enamel candlestick holder I got this
book the home edit the home edit is an
Instagram account which I really really
like oh my gosh it is so satisfying it's
just all of these organization tips
another coffee table book I received is
this one for the love of white the white
and neutral home by the white company
then my sister got me the taking of Anna
thorn by CJ Tudor which is a thriller
which I'm excited to read then I
received twas the night shift before
Christmas by Adam Cain can't wait to
start reading it I've already read
traduction and it's hilarious and the
final book I received is this one found
in translation 100 of the finest short
stories ever translated for oh my gosh I
love short stories and I can't wait to
read this
I received two postcards that I collect
postcards if you didn't there so this
first set is a Harry Potter set and then
the second one is the biblia for near
100 litter a postcard which recruits and
they're really nicely decorated next I'm
going to show you the clothes that I
receive so the first thing is this top
from Joanie the next thing is actually
something I'm wearing is this pinafore
dungaree sat next received these pajamas
these are from jigsaw funny stories but
on my Christmas list but then they sold
out I was actually kind of upset because
I just saw these pajamas and I thought
they were so you know basically my dad
ended up calling one of the stores where
they were still in stock and asked if
they would post one out to us my mum
bought me this Christmas jumper it's got
a pole about on it then my sister got me
this shirt and it's just got a nice moon
print on it I really do like stars my
sister also got me this checked scarf
which is very nice the pan out of a
piece of clothing I received is this
jumper so nice and full of music amazing
I received is a new rain hat this is the
red one from Jules I own the same one in
yellow so leading them from the Matilda
theme oh my gosh I didn't even know they
made these this shows how well my mum
there is I mean so my mom bought me
there's a teacup the picture of Miss
Honey and Matilda when they go to her as
a 40 and then there's blue so resources
to go with it have another cup of tea
leading on from that I did receive a few
other crockery bits I did receive some
original things
Christmas mug but it's got the Regent
Street lights on which my favorite
lights in London and I collect him
Aboriginal tea mugs so I'm really happy
to receive this but I received one other
mug it's the bonfire night one
and it's so say lovely look at this bolt
it's got the winter animals at night
sprint this is my favorite I'm
Aboriginal to print that they do and
it's just this really tiny little cereal
bowl so the next thing i received from
my parents for some shoes these are the
vegan shoe ones I wore these yesterday
around the house a little bit and
they're really comfy and my mom bought
me a new pair of brogues I have had my
other brogues since the beginning of
year 12 which isn't that long when you
think about it it's only three years but
I wear them maybe six days a week I mean
they're super comfy but they put holes
in them and they're really scuffed and
so my mum surprised me is lovely new
troops - my dad got me two tickets to go
to this film music Symphony Orchestra
performance that they're doing at the
world Albert Hall in May like my dad
knows I really love listening to film
soundtracks I love from soundtracks it's
always my number one thing my list on
Spotify and so I'm so excited with this
and it was just such a great surprise I
wasn't expecting it at all
and so I'm planning going with my dad
and I'm really looking forward to it so
next I'm gonna show you what I received
for my sister's say I have already
showed you the scarf and the shot that
she brought me but she also got me this
apron which says Ruby on the front you
got through at sea and its really nice
and vintage II so she also bought me a
lamp that was my other big present from
Martha but I do already have a lamp so
we're going to return it but it was
already thoughtful because I don't
usually use my mum like I should use it
more often but I don't I just like work
in the dark so she'd noticed that and
that's why she got me the lamp but I do
actually have one say mother always he
got me of some coconut flakes all in my
favorite snack ever bath balm and she
got this for kids the brand is a Sunday
ray and she got me this headband
she was got me this headband with pearls
on it Martha
also got me this constellation make
pouch lists a which is so pretty a
snowflake and it's got this glitter on
it and she got me this scrunchie and I
think this is the last thing that got me
she bought me this foldable spotlight
which will be so so useful when I'm
filming videos so next from my auntie
uncle and cousins the fascinating to
this path of pajamas and they also
bought me this Clarins one-step facial
cleanser with orange extract I've never
had a cleanser before actually this was
a really nice surprise I was not
expecting to hit a cleanser from my
cousin alfy I got this really nice
bamboo reusable cup and from my cousin
Ellen I got this B cup which I did have
with me right now I think it's being
washed it's got a lovely gold rim and
all these gold beads on it
so can one of my grandparents I got
something I did actually ask I could
have had a moonbeam wow these are so
cool he didn't know maybe it's like
these very 70s boots that you were when
you're in the snow that slavery you wear
them skiing and my dad and I are
planning on going on a ski weekend later
this year I plan on using the B's dad I
really like skiing and we used to have I
used to have me in Boots when I was very
little
r we went skiing a lot how cool are they
and my grandparents also bought me this
headband which is very nice and entity
so then the final thing I received was
from my other grandparents and it is
this Too Faced eyeshadow palette yeah I
ever said I was very slow this year I
got so many lovely gifts things that I
really really really love and I'm just
so so so grateful I know how lucky I am
you don't have to tell me twice I know
that I am lucky beyond words and like on
day like Christmas I feel that more than
ever because I know that Christmas isn't
that happy
every one and I know that it can be a
really difficult day and so I just hope
you had a lovely Christmas day if you
celebrate if you don't celebrate I still
hope you had a wonderful day thank you
so much for watching this video I hope
that you didn't doing watching it and I
hope that you have a productive
[Music]